In this lesson, we're going to learn a Spring Boot.
First, we are going to understand what Spring Boot
is and any other framework similar to Spring Boot,
and why Spring Boot is better compared to then.
We are going to create our first Spring Boot app from
scratch and understand Spring Boot application structure.
The Spring Boot framework is probably
the most useful framework for Java-based microservice.
Spring Boot is a good platform for Java developers
to develop a stand along and production grade spring application.
Developers can get started with
minimal configurations without the need for the entire Spring configuration setup.
In a way, Spring Boot really help you to speed up
your application development without many required configuration need for Spring.
I will compare this two framework in the next few videos.
Here are some advantages Spring Boot framework provides to developers.
The first, it will simplify your spring dependencies.
It can be run straight from command line with our application container.
It build more with less code.
There's no need for XML, not even web.XML.
There is auto-configuration you can use in Spring Boot application.
They're useful tools for running in production, database initialization,
environment specific config files, collecting metrics.
If the Spring is the cake,
Spring Boot it's the icing.
Personally, I think this is a great comparison between Spring and Spring Boot.
Spring Boot and Spring frameworks are different in
this configuration, XML, controlling, use.
In short both frameworks help you build
a web application and Spring Boot is built on top of the Spring framework.
Well, you can build everything with Spring framework without using the Spring Boot.
The Spring Boot can help you get the [inaudible] done really quick,
which is the reason why we're using Spring Boot over Spring in this course.